attempt to clarify why we care about access to attesting keys, (#330)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

a TEE, a virtual machine, or another secure mode of operation.
The Attesting Environment must be protected from unauthorized modification to ensure it behaves correctly. Confidentiality protection of the Attesting Environment's signing key is vital so it cannot be misused to forge Evidence.

> In many cases the user or owner of a device that includes the role of Attester must not be able to modify or extract keys via the Attesting Environments.

Reviewer: "via the" quite significantly changes the meaning. The original text implies that the Attesting Environment relies on some secured key material. The new text now does something to keys of other environments via the Attesting Environment.

I am not saying that is not good content (although I don't seem to get it right now), but it removes existing content, I think.

> In many cases the user or owner of a device that includes the role of Attester must not be able to modify or extract keys via the Attesting Environments.

Author: ```suggestion
In many cases the user or owner of a device that includes the role of Attester must not be able to modify or extract keys from the Attesting Environments.
```

> In many cases the user or owner of a device that includes the role of Attester must not be able to modify or extract keys from the Attesting Environments to prevent creating forged Evidence.

Author: ```suggestion
In many cases the user or owner of a device that includes the role of Attester must not be able to modify or extract keys from the Attesting Environments, to prevent creating forged Evidence.
```

> If access to the Attesting keys was available, then Evidence about the Attesting Environment could be forged. Some common examples include the user of a mobile phone or FIDO authenticator.

Reviewer: "Attesting keys"? A few more words to be precise is okay here: "keys used for evidence generation"?

Reviewer: "Evidence about the Attesting Environment"? An Attesting Environment does not generate Evidence about itself.

> In many cases the user or owner of a device that includes the role of Attester must not be able to modify or extract keys from the Attesting Environments.
> If access to the Attesting keys was available, then Evidence about the Attesting Environment could be forged. Some common examples include the user of a mobile phone or FIDO authenticator.

Author: ```suggestion
In many cases the user or owner of a device that includes the role of Attester must not be able to modify or extract keys from the Attesting Environments to prevent creating forged Evidence.
Some common examples include the user of a mobile phone or FIDO authenticator.
```
